.\"------------------------------------------------------------
.\" Id - set Rv,revision, and Dt, Date using rcs-Id tag.
.de Id
.ds Rv \\$3
.ds Dt \\$4
..
.Id $Id: mg_decompress_text.1,v 1.3 1997/01/01 rpap $
.\"------------------------------------------------------------
.TH mg_decompress_text 1 \*(Dt CITRI
.SH NAME
mg_decompress_text \- decompresses the compressed text of a collection
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B mg_decompress_text
[
.B \-h
]
[
.BI \-d " directory"
]
.BI \-f " name"
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B mg_decompress_text
decompresses the compressed text of a collection, inserts paragraph and
document markers, writing the output to
.IR stdout ".  "
This program was created
to be used as a type of
.BR mg_get (1).
.SH OPTIONS
Options may appear in any order.
.TP "\w'\fB\-d\fP \fIdirectory\fP'u+2n"
.B \-h
This displays a usage line on
.IR stderr .
.TP
.BI \-d " directory"
This specifies the directory where the document collection can be found.
.TP
.BI \-f " name"
This specifies the base name of the document collection.
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.TP "\w'\fBMGDATA\fP'u+2n"
.SB MGDATA
If this environment variable exists, then its value is used as the
default directory where the
.BR mg (1)
collection files are.  If this variable does not exist, then the
directory \*(lq\fB.\fP\*(rq is used by default.  The command line
option
.BI \-d " directory"
overrides the directory in
.BR MGDATA .
.SH FILES
.TP 25
.B *.text
Compressed documents.
.TP
.B *.text.idx
Index into the compressed documents.
.TP
.B *.text.dict
Compressed compression dictionary.
.TP
.B *.text.dict.aux
Auxiliary compression dictionary.
.TP
.B *.text.dict.fast
Fast loading compression dictionary.
.TP
.B *.invf.paragraph
Paragraph counts for documents.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.na
.BR mg (1),
.BR mg_compression_dict (1),
.BR mg_fast_comp_dict (1),
.BR mg_get (1),
.BR mg_passes (1).
